welcome to episode on your bein today
we're going to be take a look at three
new themes for the PlayStation 4 so
let's go to settings I press the wrong
button circle on this machine and we
will go to themes and I believe if I
downloaded three new ones select theme
where what's this text drop shadow what
the heck standard know about this must
be an update anyway so they clean let's
see we've got three new ones actually
not quite a lot sure that I haven't
actually tried it but I wanted to try
the Far Cry one the playstation plus one
and we actually watch this PlayStation
Plus special theme angry of Dark Souls 2
scholar of the first sin theme so let's
start with Far Cry 4 I'm guessing you
guys can get this one too pretty cool
looking please wait and voila it is done
and there we have it it's just a picture
icons have not changed here not really
these icons are my fairy change
and the picture the same above and below
nothing really too special about this
one a little bit disappointing not
dynamic just a picture same icons a
little bit boring let's go back to
themes first one was a bit of a
disappointment so we can't really get
worse than that let's go to Dark Souls
this is gonna be the last one to take a
look at dogs Souls yeah that's pretty
awesome
and there we go Dark Souls the icons
have changed looks pretty cool sound is
not really changed you see if we go up
different pictures so two different
pictures it does beat the Far Cry one
and the icons have changed slightly not
too much but enough to make me happy
let's go to settings and let's take a
look at the last theme for two day go to
themes and we'll take a look at the
special PlayStation Plus theme for the
PlayStation Japanese store let's go see
what happens voila another disappointing
theme looks like it is just a picture
icons have changed music and sound has
not really changed and well at least
it's got two different pictures I was
hoping there would be dynamic but it is
not
just take a serious can't won't see what
looks like okay there we go at the end
you got to see four different themes and
they're all just pictured themes if I go
up will it change no it doesn't it's a
serious cat with the normal icons
nothing too special but not too bad I
suppose so thanks for watching